Kandji C2C source doc (#4633)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2024-10-11-collection.md

---
title: Kandji C2C Source (Collection)
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
keywords:
  - collection
  - kandji
hide_table_of_contents: true    
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<a href="https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-service/rss.xml"><img src={useBaseUrl('img/release-notes/rss-orange2.png')} alt="icon" width="50"/></a>

> We're excited to announce the release of our new cloud-to-cloud source for Kandji. This source helps you to collect threat details, devices list, device activities, and device details from the Kandji platform and ingests it into Sumo Logic. [Learn more](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/kandji-source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce the release of our new cloud-to-cloud source for Kandji. This source helps you to collect threat details, device lists, activity logs, and device information from the Kandji platform, and ingest them into Sumo Logic for streamlined analysis. [Learn more](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/kandji-source).
```
